The Housemaid is directed by Paul Feig and stars Sidney Sweeney and Amanda Seyfried and is based off a very popular book. Trying to escape her past, Millie accepts a job as a live-in housemaid for the wealthy Nina and Andrew Winchester, but what begins as a dream job quickly unravels into something far more dangerous. All right, I'm going to throw a few titles your way. Pacific Heights, The Hand That Rocks the Cradle, Deceived, Single White Female, Malice. These were just a few thrillers that came out in the 90s, back in the time when Hollywood was actually giving quite a bit of money to this type of movie, largely because of the success of films like Fatal Attraction or Basic Instinct. A lot of them had erotic themes and a lot of scenes that were, you know, scenes, you know what I'm saying? Can't say certain things on YouTube anymore because you get demonetized pretty quick. Somewhere along the line, these types of films became less popular and that's because there was a lot of them that weren't very good. A very long string of them and people stopped going to them and all of a sudden they're all on Lifetime and they're all TV movies that are shot for like nothing and made in like 12 days and nobody has any time to do anything and nobody ever watches them except for people who watch Lifetime and other channels like that in the middle of the day and the entire sub-genre just kind of disappeared. But it's one of my favorites. I really love a purposefully trashy good movie that's also a really fun thriller that has good performances and clearly great production value and the housemaid feels like a return to that. I saw the trailer for this movie and actually was like, I'm not even going to see it. I thought the trailer was very, very poor and the movie is not. I really enjoyed this. This was like a throwback to everything that I miss about thrillers of the 90s. This feels like it's doing all the right things that those movies did and very little of the wrong ones and I'm so glad it didn't get dumped on some streaming platform that it's actually in theaters. This is the type of movie I would love to see more of in a theater because it not only presents an every woman who's just kind of trying to make her way in the world after a rough go of it but it has a lot of twists and turns that I didn't see coming and it's a very sleek and stylish looking movie. I think it's one of Paul Feig's best looking movies and in fact honestly like he's made a lot of movies I've enjoyed over the years. I think this might be the one that was just made kind of for me. This feels very much so like this movie was made for me as I sat there watching it tonight. I was like, yes, more of this please. And I saw it at like 11 p.m. And I think a lot of people came into my theater who maybe couldn't get into Avatar because it was sold out but it was just perfect. It really felt like the type of movie I want to see more of at the theaters. I felt a lot of empathy for Sidney Sweeney's character. I definitely cared about her. I wanted to see her succeed. I really thought Amanda Seifried in particular was really great here. She has an exceptionally complex role. There were so many choices she made in her performance that really makes me want to see the film again. But Brendan Skleilner, if I said that wrong, I'm so sorry. I saw this dude in Drop and I thought he was like super charming and insanely handsome and very good in that movie and he has all of those things once again here. The whole time I was watching this dude I was like, damn man, you're like making me feel really inferior. He's very good and also has a very complex role. The performances are great and the film looks good and I really enjoyed the lurid fascination with some of the darker aspects of this story. I miss seeing films like this and I miss seeing films like this made well. So please, if you already saw Avatar, if you took your kids to see SpongeBob or maybe you just saw it by yourself, I've been there. I understand. Go see the house made in the theater because not only is it a really fun thriller, I want to see Hollywood make more films like this. So guys, thank you so much as always for watching. Look forward to more videos very soon. If you like this, you can click right here and get stuck manized.